Q1.What is Spring Framework?

Spring is a lightweight and popular open-source Java-based framework developed by Rod Johnson in 2003. 
It is used to develop enterprise-level applications. It provides support to many other frameworks
 such as Hibernate, Tapestry, EJB, JSF, Struts, etc, so it is also called a framework of frameworks.
 It’s an application framework and IOC (Inversion of Control) container for the Java platform.
 The spring contains several modules like IOC, AOP, DAO, Context, WEB MVC, etc.
 
 
 Q2.What are the features of Spring Framework?
 
Core technologies: dependency injection, events, resources, i18n, validation, data binding, type conversion, SpEL, AOP.

Testing: mock objects, TestContext framework, Spring MVC Test, WebTestClient.

Data Access: transactions, DAO support, JDBC, ORM, Marshalling XML.

Spring MVC and Spring WebFlux web frameworks.

Integration: remoting, JMS, JCA, JMX, email, tasks, scheduling, cache and observability.

Languages: Kotlin, Groovy, dynamic languages.



Q3.What is a Spring configuration file?

A Spring configuration file is an XML file that contains the classes information.
 It describes how those classes are configured as well as introduced to each other.
 The XML configuration files, however, are verbose and cleaner.
 
 
 Q4.What do you mean by IoC Container?
 
 IoC container is a framework for implementing automated dependency injection. 
 It contains object creation for the longer ways to use and injects dependencies within the class.
 
 
 
 Q5.What do you understand by Dependency Injection?
 
 Dependency Injection (DI) is a design pattern that removes the 
 dependency from the programming code so that it can be easy to manage and test the application.
 Dependency Injection makes our programming code loosely coupled.
 
 
 
 Q6.Explain the difference between constructor and setter injection?
 
Partial dependency: can be injected using setter injection but it is not possible by constructor.
 Suppose there are 3 properties in a class, having 3 arg constructor and setters methods. 
 In such case, if you want to pass information for only one property, it is possible by setter method only.
 
Overriding: Setter injection overrides the constructor injection. 
If we use both constructor and setter injection, IOC container will use the setter injection.


Changes: We can easily change the value by setter injection.
 It doesn't create a new bean instance always like constructor. 
 So setter injection is flexible than constructor injection.
 
 
 Q7.What are Spring Beans?
 
 A bean is an object that is instantiated, assembled, and otherwise managed by a Spring IoC container.
 These beans are created with the configuration metadata that you supply to the container.
 For example, in the form of XML <bean/> definitions
 
 
 
 Q8.What are the bean scopes available in Spring?
 
1 singleton
This scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container (default).

2 prototype
This scopes a single bean definition to have any number of object instances.

3 request
This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.

4 session
This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.

5 global-session
This scopes a bean definition to a global HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.



Q9.What is Autowiring and name the different modes of it?

Autowiring feature of spring framework enables you to inject the object depende

 It internally uses setter or constructor injection.

Autowiring can't be used to inject primitive and string values. It works with reference only.

different modes-->
1)  no	   --> It is the default autowiring mode. It means no autowiring bydefault.
2)	byName --> The byName mode injects the object dependency according to name of the bean.
              In such case, property name and bean name must be same. It internally calls setter method.
3)	byType --> The byType mode injects the object dependency according to type. 
               So property name and bean name can be different. It internally calls setter method.
4)	constructor--> The constructor mode injects the dependency by calling the constructor of the class. 
                It calls the constructor having large number of parameters.
5)	autodetect--> It is deprecated since Spring 3



Q10.Explain Bean life cycle in Spring Bean Factory Container.

Bean life cycle is managed by the spring container.
 When we run the program then, first of all, the spring container gets started. 
 After that, the container creates the instance of a bean as per the request, and then dependencies are injected.
 And finally, the bean is destroyed when the spring container is closed. 
 
 
 

